Issue/training 2 (#200)
inmanta/examples: Training/README.md

> 4. the model is exposed via an api. The goal is to lear the basics of Lifecycle and Service Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. the model is exposed via an api. The goal is to learn the basics of Lifecycle and Service Management
```

> As we go alone, we pick up different tools and skils.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we go along, we pick up different tools and skills.
```
